Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ece303-project1-port-scanner
<br>
The first project is implementing a port scanner for a specific server/hostname. Essentially you should be checking if a port is open on a specific server and if the port is a default port for a default service/application, specify the application. It should take arguments in the form of:“./program hostname [-p 15:25]”So the first argument is the hostname, and you guys can handle the option of inputting a port range. If there isn’t a range defined, scan ports from 1-1024.

Extra DetailsPlease only print ports that are active, dont print out ports that are not being used.I know there are a ton of services, just support 15 common ones. Also I understand another service may have the default port of something else open, dont worry about that. Its ok that its a guess.You cannot just import nmap or a similar library that does most of the project by itself! I want you to write it yourself.For extra credit, you can also perform os fingerprinting (aka guessing what operating system the server is). The attached paper talks about that a little.If you have a program that takes arguments in a different way, please specify that in the submission.If you have any classmates help, please specify/acknowledge that in your submission. It’s completely fine to get help within reason and I recommend it if you’re struggling, but I want you to write and understand every line of the code you are submitting. I highly recommend looking at stack overflow/etc as well.If you are using anything besides python, c/c++, or golang , please verify with me if that language is ok to use.